Alright, the theme is water.

Before I sat down here I went through a few ideas, so I cheated just a little.

The idea I ended up for is witching for water in the desert.

For a moment I was thinking I might do a DOOM style UI, but for simplicity and stuff I think I've decided to do a standard 2.5D top-down thing.

So, the gist is that you're in a desert and looking for water wells.
That's about as far as I got while laying in bed.

I think you should get a hot-cold dynamic for the witching.
Like, if you took absolute distance from the nearest well, applied some sort of a hockey stick function to it, so that everything more than N units away was all "cold".
Then, as you get closer, all of the distance increments are important.

Anyway, so, that could be represented either by a bar, or by a color swatch that goes from white to blue.

The next mechanic, I think, is that you get thirsty as you're searching, so you have to either find some water, or return to the last well you dug.

Oh Oh!
It's a maze.
An invisible maze.

So, the code generates a maze with you at one point, and civilization at the other.
Or an oasis.
Whatever.
Then it puts the wells some random distance apart from each other, but within your thirst traveling distance.
But, there's only one path of wells that will get you to the end, and some other paths have dead ends, but you don't know that until you can't find a well anywhere from it.
Then you need to backtrack looking for another well some other place.

The maze generation can come towards the end.

Steps:
- Have a block walking around a yellow field.
- Have visible wells, with some sort of distance gauge.
- Make the well inviisble until you dig them up
- Have your thirst decrease constantly while you're walking around
  Hmm, good question. Do I want it to decrease with time, or with motion?
  If I'm just standing there... does it go down, go down by less, or stay where it is.
  I think digging should take up more thirst if it wasn't on a well.
- Maybe have the sand change colour when you attempt to dig it up, but it's not a well.
- Make graphics for the guy.
- Make them walk.
- Make random variations in the sand, so it's not a solid yellow block.
- SoundFX
